She's here. So sorry about the rain. Oh, that's alright. I'm sure we're gonna have a really good time. Six, seven, eight, and a one. Okay. Okay, so I have a new choreo. New choreo? Yes. Okay. So it goes two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Oh, I love that.  Can you find me under the lights? Diamonds under my eyes Turn the rhythm up, don't you wanna just come along for the ride? Oh, my outfits are tight You can see my heartbeat tonight I can take the heat, baby, best belief That's the moment I shine Cause every romance shakes in your bands Don't give a damn When the night's here, I don't do tears Baby, no chance I could dance, I could dance, I could dance  Dance, watch me Dance, dance the night away My heart could be burning but you won't see it on my face Watch me Dance, dance the night away I'll still keep the party running, I wonder how to pace Lately I've been moving close to the edge Still be looking my best I stay on the beat, you can count on me I ain't missing no steps  Cause every romance shakes in your bands, don't give a damn When the night's here, I don't do tears, baby, no chance I could dance, I could dance, I could dance Watch me Dance, dance the night away My heart could be burning, but you won't see it on my face Watch me Dance, dance the night away  One hair out of place When my heart breaks When my world shakes I don't play safe Don't you know about me I could dance, I could dance, I could dance Even when the tears are flowing, there are diamonds on my face Us don't keep the party going, not one hair out of place  Yes I could, yes I could I'll still keep the party running, I'm one head out of place Watch me dance, dance the night away My heart could be burning but you won't see it on my face Watch me dance, dance the night away I'll still keep the party running, I'm one head out of place When my heart breaks  Cut! That looked amazing! Great job everyone! Do what that was great. Are you ready to do another one? I'm ready. You guys want to do it again? One more time? Where's the... Where's the giant disco ball? We need that. We need to find it to do the  next one let's go